In this video, we're going to start to work on our sign in page.
Now, the sign in page is going to be basically identical to sign up.
The only big difference is here is pretty much the label at the very top.
So it needs to say sign in instead of sign up.
And the only other big difference is going to be the URL that we make our request to.
We need to make a request to API user sign in as opposed to API users sign up.
Now, if this was a course that was focused on React JS, I would probably show you how to create a
single reusable component to display both these forms.
But because React isn't really our focus here, we're really just going to pretty much copy, paste,
sign up and then change the label and the URL that we're making the request to.
That's pretty much it.
So let's get to it.
Back inside my editor.
I'll find the pages directory.
You'll notice I still have banana jars inside of here.
I'm going to delete banana.
That was just a quick little test.
I'll then go ahead and make a copy of Sign Up.
So I can either attempt to duplicate it if your editor has that option.
For me.
I'm going to go ahead and copy it and paste the file directly in there.
So here's a copy of Sign Up.
I'll then rename that to sign in.
Then inside of the sign and file, all we really have to do is find where we make our request or set
up the user request hook.
I'll change the URL right here to sign in.
And then I'll go down to my ex and I'll change sign up to sign in.
I think we probably also need to update the button at the bottom.
We need to make sure that says sign in as well.
And I think that should be it.
So I'll save this.
I'm going to flip back over.
And now I should be able to navigate to off sign in.
And there's our sign in form.
So at this point in time, I would encourage you to make sure that your application tab go to cookies,
make sure you don't have any cookie.
So right now, I'm definitely not authenticated.
I'll then go over to the network tab and I'm going to attempt to sign in with an account that I created
in the past.
Now, if you do not remember any valid email address or password combination that you have created before,
make sure you go back over to sign up really quickly.
Sign up for a new account.
With some credentials you can remember.
Go and clear your cookie and then come back over to sign in.
So I remember my credentials that I set up way long ago.
I created a account with Test ten at Test and a password of password.
So now if I go to network, I should be able to click on sign in.
See the request is issued.
I got redirected back to the main page and I am now considered to be signed in and I can further confirm
that by going to application, looking at my cookie list and making sure I've got my cookies set as
well.
Well, that's pretty much it for sign in.
Yeah, not that bad.
As I've said many times, the first time that we go through a lot of these different topics, it takes
forever.
But then once we kind of get the idea of what's going on, put it together, the rest starts to go really
quickly.
All right.
So that looks pretty good.
We've got sign up, sign in and our content on the landing page.
But of course, now we need to make sure that our header gets created as well.
So let's take a stab at that header in the next video.